Website: Add release schedule on the releases page (#9666)
apache/iceberg: site/docs/releases.md

- Core: Expired Snapshot files in a transaction should be deleted by [@bartash](https://github.com/bartash) in [#9223](https://github.com/apache/iceberg/pull/9223)
- Core: Fix missing delete files from transaction by [@nastra](https://github.com/nastra) in [#9356](https://github.com/apache/iceberg/pull/9356)

> ## Schedule

Reviewer: How about just mentioning that 
- Iceberg community aims at providing quarterly releases for minor versions.
- Point releases for blocking issues can be made with priority immediately without waiting for release cycle. 
and mention that previous release timelines can be obtained from https://github.com/apache/iceberg/releases

Because these actual dates may create stress and if we screwup one release date, we have to change the release dates of other releases.  Plus we may directly go to 2.0 after 1.6.0 etc.

Reviewer 2: Open source...open release schedule 😉

Author: Fair enough, let me update that way.

- Core: Expired Snapshot files in a transaction should be deleted by [@bartash](https://github.com/bartash) in [#9223](https://github.com/apache/iceberg/pull/9223)
- Core: Fix missing delete files from transaction by [@nastra](https://github.com/nastra) in [#9356](https://github.com/apache/iceberg/pull/9356)

## Schedule

- Regular release cycle is to provide quarterly releases.

> - Patch releases (for blocking issues or CVE for example) can be made immediately at request independenly of the release cycle.

Reviewer 3: Maybe make the wording a bit less strong:
```suggestion
- Patch releases (for blocking issues or CVE for example) can be made at request independently of the release cycle.
```

Author: It makes sense. I will update. Thanks @Fokko !
